Add types in the language manual (#700)
informalsystems/apalache: UNRELEASED.md

         * Some bug fix, see #124

     DO NOT LEAVE A BLANK LINE BELOW THIS PREAMBLE -->
### Features

> * Language manual: types of the standard operators, see #547

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Language manual: add types for the standard operators, see #547
```
